Ovirt Scenario and User guidelines (#59413)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/ovirt_scenarios/scenario_rename_vm.rst

            datacenter: "DC1"
            cluster_name: "DC1_C1"

        - name: Get VM "{{ vm_name }}" uuid
          oVirt_guest_facts:
            hostname: "{{ vcenter_server }}"
            username: "{{ vcenter_user }}"
            password: "{{ vcenter_pass }}"
            validate_certs: False
            datacenter: "{{ datacenter }}"
            folder: "/{{datacenter}}/vm"
            name: "{{ vm_name }}"
          register: vm_facts

        - name: Rename "{{ vm_name }}" to "{{ new_vm_name }}"
          oVirt_guest:
            hostname: "{{ vcenter_server }}"
            username: "{{ vcenter_user }}"
            password: "{{ vcenter_pass }}"
            validate_certs: False
            cluster: "{{ cluster_name }}"
            uuid: "{{ vm_facts.instance.hw_product_uuid }}"
            name: "{{ new_vm_name }}"

Since Ansible utilizes the oVirt API to perform actions, in this use case it will be connecting directly to the API from localhost.

This means that playbooks will not be running from the engine or host Server.

Note that this play disables the ``gather_facts`` parameter, since you don't want to collect facts about localhost.

> You can run these modules against another server that would then connect to the API if localhost does not have access to engine. If so, the required Python modules will need to be installed on that target server. We recommend installing the latest version with pip: ``pip install Pyvmomi`` (as the OS packages are usually out of date and incompatible).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run these modules against another server that would then connect to the API if localhost does not have access to engine. If so, the required Python modules will need to be installed on that target server. We recommend installing the latest version with pip: ``pip install ovirt-engine-sdk-python`` (as the OS packages are usually out of date and incompatible).
```

If your engine server is not setup with proper CA certificates that can be verified from the Ansible server, then it is necessary to disable validation of these certificates by using the ``validate_certs`` parameter. To do this you need to set ``validate_certs=False`` in your playbook.

Now you need to supply the information about the existing virtual machine which will be renamed. For renaming virtual machine, ``oVirt_*`` moduleis use oVirt UUID, which is unique across oVirt environment. This value is autogenerated and can not be changed. You will use ``oVirt_*_facts`` module to find virtual machine and get information about oVirt UUID of the virtual machine.

This value will be used input for ``oVirt_*`` modules. Specify new name to virtual machine which conforms to all oVirt requirements for naming conventions as ``name`` parameter. Also, provide ``uuid`` as the value of oVirt UUID.

What to expect
--------------

Running this playbook can take some time, depending on your environment and network connectivity. When the run is complete you will see

.. code-block:: yaml

>     {

Reviewer: Replace this with actual output of `ovirt_` module output.
